---
title:  Step 3 - Interviewing Users
---

#Marketpulse | Step 3

<br>

<a class="btn btn-lg btn-warning ladder-step" href="/modules/marketpulse_activities/step_3/">
  <i class="fa fa-microphone fa-5x pull-left"></i>Interviewing<br>Users <br/> Starts May 28th</a>


##What?
Starting May 26th together with the Market Research Experts at Mozilla, we'll be offering a 4 week online, participatory course to help you grown your Market Research Skills through Interview Training.

## Who Should Participate?


{% capture includeGuts %}
{% include community_curriculum/market_pulse/html_includes/qualities.html %}
{% endcapture %}
{{ includeGuts | replace: '    ', ''}}

### And...
* An existing or potential Marketpulse Contributor ?
* Someone interested in developing a stronger skill-set in Market Research through contribution to Mozilla ?

<i class="fa fa-lightbulb-o fa-2x pull-left"></i> It's not mandatory, but definitely a good idea to take training in [Step 1](/modules/marketpulse_activities/step_1/) and [Step 2](modules/marketpulse_activities/step_2/) prior to starting this course.

#What will we research and learn about?
Our topic of research will be "Exploring Technology Beyond the Browser & Phone: Large Screens".


## Is this for me?

Each week, we’ll introduce new topics and facilitate conversations and activities across a range of easy online channels.  This activity will run for 4 weeks beginning, and is self-serve although supported by a in-person Google Hangouts and participatory activities.


* Estimated time: 2hr-4hr/week or as much time as you have. This experience is completely self-serve, with weekly hangouts to discuss topics.
* Equipment needed: Laptop, internet and a G+ account, Mozillians Account
* Skills required: Just an interest in Market Research, the Open Web and applying what you know to help Mozilla collect data in your local area. Oh, and a spirit of adventure :)
* Resource we provide: ["Interviewing Users"](http://rosenfeldmedia.com/books/interviewing-users/) and a [Wikimedia Notebook](http://store.wikimedia.org/products/wikipedia-notebooks).

##Sound doable? Read on!

We have a maximum number of 60 participants, so please only sign-up if you can commit the time, and if for some reason your circumstances change please let us know so we can give your spot to another.

* [Register!](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1DT8OK_ZwuS5c-5I6QoPguL3eL-zbP-rKn6d_UgXuMxg/viewform)
* [Join the Discourse Category for this Session](https://discourse.mozilla-community.org/t/marketpulse-interviewing-users-introductions/2119)
* Familiarize yourself with #mozResearch hashtag, as this will be our social media, and a quick way to ask for help.
* This is flexible! Participate as your schedule allows. You can design your own participation in live sessions and online discussions.
* Check-in weekly each Tuesday. Contribute to ongoing conversations via Google Plus and Twitter chats.
* Attend an online meet-up with other course participants (dates to be announced shortly)


## Schedule 

Starting May 28th.. (exact times TBA soon) 
Each week will begin with an email of instructions, and activities.

####Week 1  Secondary Research 
This week covers secondary research, the **first part** of any research project!
Participants will learn best practices for researching, collecting and documenting existing information on our focus topic: “Large Screen Experience".

####Week 2  Interview Planning
Participants will learn to create an interview guide, which includes creating materials and tools needed to facilitate conversations, and review afterwards. 

####Week 3  Interviewing Techniques
This week we'll learn about and practice our interviewing skills while challenging ourselves to improve on our questions, timing and other aspects of a 'good interviewer'.

####Week 4  Interview Activity 
This week will will provide participants with 'learn by doing' experience through of executing a final interview supported by learning resources, team mentoring and a final evaluation.

**All participants who successfully complete this course will receive a signed 'Marketpulse' certificate of accomplishment**
